=encoding utf8

=begin man

.if n .ad

=end man

=head1 Name

onekoko — a cute foxgirl chasing around your mouse cursor

=head1 Synopsis

B<oneko> [B<-help>]
[B<-time> I<n>] [B<-speed> I<n>] [B<-idle> I<n>]
[B<-name> I<name>] [B<-towindow>] [B<-toname> I<name>] [B<-tofocus>]
[B<-position> I<geometry>]
[B<-rv>] [B<-noshape>] [B<-fg>] [B<-bg>]

=head1 Description

I<onekoko> changes your mouse cursor into a cherry blossom and creates a little cute
foxgirl which starts chasing your mouse cursor.  If she catches up to the cursor,
she starts sleeping.

=head2 Options

=over

=item B<-help>

Prints help message on usage.

=item B<-time> I<interval>

Sets interval timer which determine intervals for animation.
Default value is 125000 and unit is micro-second.  Smaller value makes Koko
run faster.

=item B<-speed> I<distance>

Specify the distance where Koko jumps at one move in dot resolution.
The default is 16.

=item B<-idle> I<speed>

Specify the speed threshold to wake Koko up when mouse is running away.

=item B<-name> I<name>

Specify the window name of Koko.

=item B<-towindow>

When I<onekoko> starts with this option, you must select a window by the cursor.
Then Koko appears and starts chasing the window instead of a mouse.  You can
select another running I<onekoko> as the target window.  If root window is
selected, Koko chases mouse as usually.  When the target window is not in sight
and not closed, Koko chases mouse as usually.  If the target window is closed,
this program exits.

=item B<-toname> I<name>

Specify the window name of the target to make Koko chase it instead of a mouse.
You can specify another running I<onekoko> as the target window.  When the target
window is not in sight and not closed, Koko chases mouse as usually.  If the
target window is closed, this program exits.

=item B<-tofocus>

Makes Koko run to and on top of focus window.  When focus window is not in sight,
Koko chases mouse as usually.

=item B<-position> I<geometry>

Specify X and Y offsets in pixels to adjust the position of Koko relative to a
mouse pointer.

=item B<-rv>

Reverse background color and foreground color.

=item B<-noshape>

Don't use SHAPE extension.

=item B<-fg> I<color>

Foreground color.

=item B<-bg> I<color>

Background color.

=back

=head2 Resources

The application and class name is "onekoko".

=over

=item B<time>

Sets interval timer in micro-second.

=item B<speed>

Sets distance to jump in pixels.

=item B<idle>

Sets speed threshold to wake Koko up when mouse is running away.

=item B<noshape>

Set C<True> if you don't want to use SHAPE extension.

=item B<reverse>

Set C<True> if you want to switch foreground and background color.

=item B<foreground>

Foreground color.

=item B<background>

Background color.

=back

=head1 Notes

While this program uses C<XGetDefault>, be sure to use "neko.resource" form.

=head1 Authors

Original I<xneko> was written by Masayuki Koba and modified to I<oneko>
by Tatsuya Kato, and modified furthermore by John Lerchey, Eric Anderson,
Toshihiro Kanda and L<Kiichiroh Mukose|mailto:mukose@hbar.mp.es.osaka-u.ac.jp>.
I<oneko> was modified further into I<onekoko> by kokoscript.

=head1 Maintainer

L<kokoscript|mailto:baphometsune@gmail.com>
